README.md, before:

# SETS - STO Equipment and Trait Selector
A Star Trek Online build tool in Python

## Description

Pre-alpha version of build tool for STO

## Getting Started
Follow the instructions below to setup your Python environment.

**NOTE**: At this early stage of development, performance will be slow as the cache is built. It will take several seconds after the click of a button for the pop-up window to appear!

### Easy Access
Easy way for Windows 10 users: Download the latest version, execute and follow instructions in readme.txt. About 95% of the images are included in this package, so the app runs smoother.
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/3rqhak69tr6ki2c/AADkuygAThVa9z9e_ckc4vB9a?dl=0

### Dependencies

* Python 3.7 or higher
* Pillow
* requests-html

### Installing

> pip install -r requirements.txt

Make also sure to have the 'local' folder downloaded and in the same folder as main.py to see the title banner.

### Executing program

Windows:
> python main.py

Linux:
> python3 main.py

## Authors

* Producer - Mara "Sizer" Morrigan - mara.mos714@gmail.com, Discord: Sizer#3498
* Programmer - Liraal2

## Licence

This project is under The Unlicense

Commit message:

Updated Licensing to cover our bases
Clarified SETS and Source Code
Added STO Copyright.

README.md, after:

# SETS - STO Equipment and Trait Selector
A Star Trek Online build tool in Python

## Description

Pre-alpha version of build tool for STO

## Getting Started
Follow the instructions below to setup your Python environment.

**NOTE**: At this early stage of development, performance will be slow as the cache is built. It will take several seconds after the click of a button for the pop-up window to appear!

### Easy Access
Easy way for Windows 10 users: Download the latest version, execute and follow instructions in readme.txt. About 95% of the images are included in this package, so the app runs smoother.
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/3rqhak69tr6ki2c/AADkuygAThVa9z9e_ckc4vB9a?dl=0

### Dependencies

* Python 3.7 or higher
* Pillow
* requests-html

### Installing

> pip install -r requirements.txt

Make also sure to have the 'local' folder downloaded and in the same folder as main.py to see the title banner.

### Executing program

Windows:
> python main.py

Linux:
> python3 main.py

## Authors

* Producer - Mara "Sizer" Morrigan - mara.mos714@gmail.com, Discord: Sizer#3498
* Programmer - Liraal2

## Licence

SETS and its source code is licensed under The Unlicense

Star Trek Online and its content is copyright of Cryptic Studios.
